Hi guys and welcome back.
In this video we're doing to be downloading
the ChromeDriver.
One of these browser drivers allow us
to talk to the browser programmatically.
And you can find them for Chrome,
Firefox, Internet Explorer and so on.
The browser makers make these drivers
precisely so that we can automate the browser
using programming languages.
And the primary reason for that is not to scrape content
but to actually test websites running them on a browser.
Automated software testing if you will.
That's not what we're gonna be doing in this section
but nonetheless that is the primary purpose
of making these drivers.
To download the ChromeDriver,
we're going to go over to chromedriver.chromium.org
and you have to make sure
you have Chrome installed of course,
since the ChromeDriver is gonna talk to your Chrome version.
Make sure that Chrome is up-to-date
and then download the latest stable release.
When you go here, you'll see a very nice-looking website
that allows you to download ChromeDriver.
Just select your version.
If you're using Linux, download linux64,
Mac, mac64, and Windows, win32.
I'm gonna download mac64 and that downloads a zip file,
same for all operating system.
That zip file, when you open it,
will contain just one thing
which is a ChromeDriver executable.
On Linux and Mac it'll be called ChromeDriver,
on Windows it'll be called ChromeDriver.exe.
All you have to do is unzip it, remove it from this zip,
put it somewhere you can remember the path of and that's it.
You're gonna need to remember the path
because we need to tell Python
where the ChromeDriver is located when you wanna use it.
So just put it somewhere that you know where it is,
remember the path and let's move onto the next video
where we're gonna be using the ChromeDriver
to launch Chrome.
I'll see you there.